Federica Bianco Research Group Code of Conduct


Diversity is considered a resource that enriches us culturally and intellectually in my group. No instances of harassment or attempts to marginalize members of the group or colleagues outside our group will be tolerated in my group. 
If you have concerns, if you do not feel safe or are made to feel unwelcome, please come talk to me. If you feel targeted, come talk to me. If you see instances of ill-natured interactions please come talk to me (keeping in mind that I am a mandatory reporter according to Title IX - https://sites.udel.edu/sexualmisconduct/how-to-report/guidelines-for-reporting/)

I expect to see a supportive, collaborative attitude from all of my collaborators, to assure we maintain and foster a learning environment that leads to rigor, excellence, and happiness. This includes: 
being available, within reason, to share knowledge and do so respectfully. Never make a team mate feel bad for not knowing something! It is not your role to assess team-mates effort or knowledge. If you feel like supporting teammates is getting in the way of your productivity in the group bring this concern to me directly.
being conscientious and value your teammates time when asking for help. Make sure you have done your share of weight lifting before: you have reviewed the resources available to the group and looked around for answers when applicable. Prepare yourself to recieve help: be prepared to ask clear questions and to be able to show and demonstrate the issues you have. Your teammates should not be struggling to understand what your problem is (this includes having access to the computers where you are running your codes if the question is technical/computational, and being able to reproduce errors and behaviors you want to ask about)
be mindful of cultural norms. Make sure you know how your teammates want to be addressed (e.g. ask their preferred pronoun; mine is she/her/hers). Do not interrupt your teammates while they are speaking, do not speak over teammates and be aware and respectful of the natural volume of their voice. Be respectful of individual communication skills and fluency in the common languages we speak. 

Be on time for meetings. Sometimes I may not be due to other commitments, but my poor example should not be an excuse for you to be late and but it is important for you to maximize your time with me and with your teammates. Please still be on time. 

Do not use your phone or laptop in meeting if not to take notes or find resources to contribute to the conversation. This is out of respect to your teammates: if they are speaking the should be heard! At times I will not be able to be offline during meetings due to other academic commitments. I am sorry and apologize in advance about it.

Please find and carefully some resources for the group here. 

Every day I try to remind myself of these rules, but I do too fail to respect them at times. If you notice that I have not followed any of these rules, or you think I am adopting behaviors that make you uncomfortable please promptly do let me know!
